hello youtube friends in this
new video tutorial good is my first
video tutorial that I'm just going to do
this is how to play two
players in
in the nes emulator in my case I would
I will teach in the super against how
play two players good since they have
your games downloaded
its emulator rather said we open it
we open it select your game
in my case I already told them that I'm going to
select super cons
super cons we give you in open
and for two people to play in
keyboard we go to option time
and here are the player controls
two
and so you can play two people in
the nes emulator
let's show them a demonstration in
my brother and I my brother and I how
play super against me
we go
two players already saw how it shows
in the video
no no
children